---
title: Migrating a repository from bazaar to git
author: Michael Israel
date: 2020-06-01 16:11:00 +0100
categories: [Programming, Git]
tags: [programming, bazaar, github]
---
I never had anything to do with Bazaar so far. I've started long ago with SVN and I lately only use git and PTC Integrity. A couple of days ago I was trying to [fork a project](/posts/v4l2-python3) on Launchpad (using Bazaar), but I really didn't feel like using Launchpad parallel to Github so I decided to look for a way to migrate the project.

A quick Googling led me to learn about bzr-git, and I thought to myself "pefect! Exactly what I need. So the job will be done in a couple of key strokes." Little did I know, it was going to require a couple of coffees adn a few shouts of frustration, before I realize it is actually much easier than that.

First bzr-git seems not to be there anymore for newer debian releases. In fact, both bzr and bzr-git are (dummy) transitional packages that would install Breezy instead, which, supposedly, supports git already. So again, being too optimistic and naive, I thought "Good, that should do it too." I just didn't know how. The ```dpush``` command to push to a different VCS was not there in newer versions of Breezy.

I was already dusting an old Raspberry Pi I have, that still has an old Raspbian on it, to just get older versions of everything, from back then when things supposedly works. But then I ran across [this blog post](https://ubuntu.com/blog/converting-projects-between-git-and-bazaar). Long story short, all I needed to do was:
```bash
bzr branch lp:BAZAAR_REPO
git init
bzr fast-export --plain . | git fast-import
git remote add origin GIT_REPO
git push
```
